Now that we've created a few tables and the streams,
it's time that we see how to query these streams
for information that might be useful for us to use.
The example on screen is a simple query that we might want to run to
find all purchases in US dollars that are more than 100,000.
If we wait long enough,
we'll eventually see records begin to return into a running query.
Here's the catch though.
If I "Control C" and exit this query while it's running,
the data's going to be lost forever.
The query is not persistent and does not continue to run in the background.
This is a very important concept to understand with KSQL
if you want your streaming query to keep running and to be able to use that data,
you need to use create table as or create stream as syntax.
Otherwise, when your client session closes,
your data will be wiped out.
So again, if I were to run this select statement,
it would simply be printing it out the values that it's getting into my KSQL CLI,
it would just be informational for me to review.
As soon as I hit "Control C" and exit out of the CLI,
that query stops running.